applications: nrf5340_audio: Create unit tests for the audio framework (#4)
gWacey/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/others/audio_module.rst

.. figure:: images/audio_module_functions.svg
   :alt: Audio module functions

The following table outlines the available functions that are defined in :c:struct:`audio_module_functions` and whether they are mandatory or not:

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Function
      - Mandatory/Optional
      - Comment
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*open``
      - Optional
      - Perform any operations necessary to open the module implementation.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*close``
      - Optional
      - Tidy up and close the module implementation.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*configure_set``
      - Mandatory
      - Configure the module implementation to perform a particular operation.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*configuration_get``
      - Mandatory
      - Return the internal configuration of the module implementation.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*start``
      - Optional
      - Perform any operations necessary to set the module implementation running.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*stop``
      - Optional

>       - Perform any operations to necessary stop the module implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Perform any operations necessary to stop the module implementation.
```

    * - ``audio_module_functions.*data_process``
      - Mandatory
      - Process the data within the module implementation.

> An module implementation can run only if these user provided functions are defined and given to the audio module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module implementation can run only if these user provided functions are defined and given to the audio module.
```

The audio module framework itself cannot perform any tasks, as it merely supplies a consistent way to interface to an audio algorithm.

The following figure show the internal states of the audio module:

.. figure:: images/audio_module_states.svg
   :alt: Audio module internal states

Configuration
*************

To use the audio module library, set the following Kconfig options to ``y`` in the project configuration file :file:`prj.conf`:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AUDIO_MODULE`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DATA_FIFO`

Application integration
***********************

To create your own audio module for an LE Audio application, complete the following steps:

#. Write the mandatory functions required by the function table API in `Implementation`_.
#. Write any optional functions.
#. Assign the function table to an instance of an audio module.

The audio application opens the module, configures it and connects it to other modules, the application or both.

> The module can then be started and you can transfer data in accordance to what type the module is :c:enum:`audio_module_type`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module can then be started and you can transfer data in accordance to what type the module is. The module types are described in `Overview`_.
```
Does this work? @greg-fer

Reviewer 2: Yes.

The following figure demonstrates a simple decoding audio system, where the decoded audio is sent to an I2S output and returned to the application:

.. figure:: images/audio_module_example.svg
   :alt: Audio module stream example

> 

Reviewer: "The process blob is an Input-Output module, while the output blob is an Output module."

Either include a sentence like this, or modify the figure.

Author: Updated the figure.

.. _lib_audio_module:

Audio module
############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The audio module library is an interface to audio processing functions that coordinate audio states and the exchange of audio-related data of an LE Audio application, such as :ref:`nrf5340_audio`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The audio module library is an interface to audio processing functions that coordinate audio states and the exchange of audio-related data of an LE Audio application, such as :ref:`nrf53_audio_app`.
```

> The audio module library is an interface to audio processing functions that coordinate audio states and the exchange of audio-related data of an LE Audio application, such as :ref:`nrf53_audio_app`.

Reviewer: Is it LE Audio or Bluetooth LE Audio that is correct? @greg-fer

Reviewer 2: I guess both: https://www.bluetooth.com/learn-about-bluetooth/feature-enhancements/le-audio/

> The audio module library is an interface to audio processing functions that coordinate audio states and the exchange of audio-related data of an LE Audio application, such as :ref:`nrf53_audio_app`.

Reviewer: What is meant by "coordinate audio states" in this context?

Author: Lets discuss.

Overview
********

The audio module is an interface for constructing custom audio processing modules, such as decoder, encoder, and I2S output.
It provides a common interface to audio processing algorithms. The operation of the module is determined by a set of user provided functions that perform the processing.

There are three module types:

> * Input - obtains data internally within the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Input - Obtains data internally within the module (for example I2S input) and outputs the data to an other module, the application or both.
```

> * Output - outputs data internally within the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Output - Takes input from an other module or the application and outputs the data internally within the module (for example I2S output).
```

> The operation of the module is determined by a set of functions that perform the processing.

Reviewer: I suggest moving the sentence "The operation of the module is determined by a set of functions that perform the processing." to the end of the first paragraph

Reviewer: And rewrite to something like:
"The operation of the module is determined by a set of _user provided_ functions that perform the processing."

> * Input-Output - a processing module that takes input from and outputs to another module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Input-Output - Takes input from an other module or the application, processes the data and then outputs the data to an other module, the application or both.
```

> Connecting these modules lets you create the following audio system or stream:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of how you can connect modules together:
```

> .. figure:: images/audio_module_stream.svg

Reviewer: Question: Is the Input and the Output boxes in this figure also separate modules?

Author: Yes will update so that all are audio modules.

Reviewer 2: Please don't touch the figures yourself, but rather let me know what needs to change. Thanks. (I had to recreate the figures and place the source files on an internal drive, and we need the sources to be up to date.)

Author: Can you change the Input box label to Audio Module Input and the output box to Audio Module Output.

> .. figure:: images/audio_module_stream.svg

Reviewer: What is the difference between this figure and audio_module_example.svg?

Author: Nothing except that the audio module example illustrates an example system including the application. The text above probably should change to be system rather than stream?

> Using this interface, you can open and configure the custom modules, connect to them, and start and stop them.

Reviewer: This paragraph should be above "There are three module types:"

   :alt: Audio stream example

Implementation
==============

The audio module is implemented as a set of functions, listed in the following figure:

.. figure:: images/audio_module_functions.svg
   :alt: Audio module functions

> These functions call out to the user's implementation of these functions written to a predetermined API for the desired audio algorithm.

Reviewer: This is sentence is hard to read. Consider splitting it up to multiple sentences.

Author: These functions call out to the user's implementation of these functions written to a predetermined API for the desired audio algorithm.

To:

These functions call out to the user's implementation and are wrapped in the audio_module_functions API.

> The audio module is implemented as a set of functions. These functions call out to the user's implementation and are wrapped in the :c:struct:`audio_module_functions` API, as listed in the following figure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audio module is implemented as a set of functions. These functions call out to the user's implementation that are wrapped in the :c:struct:`audio_module_functions` API. The following figure shows how the audio module functions and the user provided functions relate:
```
?

> The following table outlines the available functions that are defined in :c:struct:`struct audio_module_functions` and whether they are mandatory or not:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table outlines the available functions that are defined in :c:struct:`audio_module_functions` and whether they are mandatory or not:
```

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Function
      - Mandatory/Optional
      - Comment
    * - :c:func:`audio_module_open`
      - Optional
      - Perform any algorithm operations to open.
    * - :c:func:`audio_module_close`
      - Optional
      - Tidy up the algorithm on a close.

>     * - configure_set

Reviewer 2: I can't find this function in either the header or the C file...

Author: It is in the struct audio_module_functions{} as are the others.

>       - Perform any algorithm operations to open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Perform any operations necessary to open the module implementation.
```

Reviewer: Using the "algorithm" word here might be confusing

    * - ``audio_module_functions.*close``
      - Optional

>       - Tidy up the algorithm on a close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Tidy up and close the module implementation.
```

Reviewer: Same structure for the other functions (configure_set, configure_get, etc)

>     * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*open`
>       - Optional
>       - Perform any algorithm operations to open.
>     * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*close`
>       - Optional
>       - Tidy up the algorithm on a close.
>     * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*configure_set`
>       - Mandatory
>       - Configure the algorithm to perform a particular operation.
>     * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*configuration_get`
>       - Mandatory
>       - Return the internal configuration of the algorithm.
>     * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*start`
>       - Optional
>       - Set the algorithm running.
>     * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*stop`
>       - Optional
>       - Stop the algorithms.
>     * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*data_process`
>       - Mandatory
>       - Process the data for the algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*open``
      - Optional
      - Perform any algorithm operations to open.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*close``
      - Optional
      - Tidy up the algorithm on a close.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*configure_set``
      - Mandatory
      - Configure the algorithm to perform a particular operation.
    * -``audio_module_functions.*configuration_get``
      - Mandatory
      - Return the internal configuration of the algorithm.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*start``
      - Optional
      - Set the algorithm running.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*stop``
      - Optional
      - Stop the algorithms.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*data_process``
      - Mandatory
      - Process the data for the algorithm.
```
Let's keep it simple to make the doc build green. If I find a better solution, I'll open a separate PR or add a new comment.

>     * - Function
>       - Mandatory/Optional
>       - Comment
>     * - :c:member:audio_module_functions: `*open`
>       - Optional
>       - Perform any algorithm operations to open.
>     * - :c:member:struct audio_module_functions: `(*close)`
>       - Optional
>       - Tidy up the algorithm on a close.
>     * - :c:member:struct audio_module_functions: `(*configure_set)`
>       - Mandatory
>       - Configure the algorithm to perform a particular operation.
>     * - :c:member:struct audio_module_functions: `(*configuration_get)`
>       - Mandatory
>       - Return the internal configuration of the algorithm.
>     * - :c:member:struct audio_module_functions: `(*start)`
>       - Optional
>       - Set the algorithm running.
>     * - :c:member:struct audio_module_functions: `(*stop)`
>       - Optional
>       - Stop the algorithms.
>     * - :c:member:struct audio_module_functions: `(*data_process)`
>       - Mandatory
>       - Process the data for the algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * - Function
      - Mandatory/Optional
      - Comment
    * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*open`
      - Optional
      - Perform any algorithm operations to open.
    * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*close`
      - Optional
      - Tidy up the algorithm on a close.
    * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*configure_set`
      - Mandatory
      - Configure the algorithm to perform a particular operation.
    * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*configuration_get`
      - Mandatory
      - Return the internal configuration of the algorithm.
    * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*start`
      - Optional
      - Set the algorithm running.
    * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*stop`
      - Optional
      - Stop the algorithms.
    * - :c:member:`audio_module_functions.*data_process`
      - Mandatory
      - Process the data for the algorithm.
```

      - Stop the algorithms.
    * - ``audio_module_functions.*data_process``
      - Mandatory
      - Process the data for the algorithm.

> The audio algorithm can run only if these functions are combined with the audio module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module implementation can run only if these user provided functions are defined and given to the module.
```

> .. figure:: images/audio_module_flow.svg

Reviewer: I would like a walkthrough of these sate figures

> The audio module cannot perform a task on its own, as it merely supplies a consistent way to interface to an audio algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audio module framework itself cannot perform any tasks, as it merely supplies a consistent way to interface to an audio algorithm.
```

   :alt: Audio module flow

.. figure:: images/audio_module_states.svg
   :alt: Audio module internal states

Configuration
*************

To use the audio module library, set the following Kconfig options to ``y`` in the project configuration file :file:`prj.conf`:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AUDIO_MODULE`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DATA_FIFO`

Application integration
***********************

To create your own audio module for an LE Audio application, complete the following steps:

#. Write the mandatory functions required by the function table API in `Implementation`_.
#. Write any optional functions.
#. Assign the function table to an instance of an audio module.

> #. Build with the audio module API and link together with the application.

Reviewer: What is meant by "Build with the audio module API " here?

Author: This is the audio module common code, can we discuss wording?

> The audio application opens the module, configures it and connects it to other modules or the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audio application opens the module, configures it and connects it to other modules, the application or both.
```

> The module can then be started and you can send data to it and get the data from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module can then be started and you can transfer data in accordance to what type the module is (INSERT LINK TO THE TYPES HERE).
```

> You can also integrate a different module or output using an audio peripheral module.

Reviewer: Is the message here that you can create a new audio module that e.g. sends data to I2S?

Author: Yes, this is to say the data can be sourced from or sent to I/O peripherals.
Lets discuss.

> You can also integrate a different module or output using an audio peripheral module.

Reviewer: Lets discuss this part again. There is something here that does not align.
Is the Input module in audio_module_example.svg needed?

Reviewer: Make the changes to audio_module_example.svg, as discussed offline

Reviewer: And remove this sentence
